---
layout: post
title:      "Learning How to think code "
date:       2020-09-03 03:55:31 +0000
permalink:  learning_how_to_think_code
---


#### I started to understand and really make significant change in my life, when i began making writing code a big part of my lifestyle & no matter what working code into my daily rountine. For instance in the past i would wake up at whatever time and not really have much of a game plan for my day. I would usually end up coding sometime in the afternoon once i got home from work, which at that point i would normally be exhausted and not in the right mindset to embrace information i was covering in a certian section. At this point in my course i have taken it upon myself to wake up hours before i'm set to arrive at work, just to get a few more lesson covered. I start reading and watching videos from the moment i wake up sometimes even skipping breakfast just to make sure I've put in the recommend amount of hours to successfully complete this program in a resonable amount of time. I can say i have spent a good amount of time watching others complete there coding bootcamp journey and getting to that point of jr. developer at a company that appreciates there hard work & presistance. I can't tell you that sometimes i dont get discouraged when i get lost and have to go back into the curriculum that i supposedly already covered and was supposed to understand. I would say that i do my best and day by day i'm getting better at being a sponge and taking in new infromation that I'm not familiar with at all and learning it to a point where i can teach someone else that is stuck or may even have the same questions that i did in the begging. I've come to realize that sometimes you must be obedient, that's just what it takes to really get a grasp of the new languages that you would need to learn to earn your title as a software engineer. The projects that required me to build my own database from scratch really gave me a run for my money. I was very intemidated from the jump . I didn't really feel comfortable working on a project that had it's own database that i needed to learn how to start up just too be able to view my work. Once i got a hang of it and i went back in the section to get a better understanding of my file structure. I slowly began to become comfortable with what i was writing & how everything came together to make this beatiful project flow the way i intended it too as the developer.it really made me feel a sense of accomplishment, you could see me smiling from the inside out. 
